Mithril update 2024-10-30 (#495)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-10-30-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-10-30-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team released the new [CIP 137 - Decentralize Message Queue](https://discord.com/channels/826816523368005654/1014019542504185876/1301043609092751410) which will be used in the future to diffuse Mithril signatures.
> 
> The team also completed the implementation of usage metrics with a Prometheus endpoint and pubslihed the Grafana dashboard for the aggregator. They respun the `testing-sanchonet` environment with Cardano v10.1. Additionally, they worked on some refactoring to remove legacy code and make the code more readable and maintainable, and they started exploring solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.
> 
> Finally, they fixed some flakiness in the e2e tests in CI and made the Cardano stake distribution stable in the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released the new [CIP-137 - Decentralized message queue](https://discord.com/channels/826816523368005654/1014019542504185876/1301043609092751410), which will be used to diffuse Mithril signatures in the future.

The team also implemented usage metrics with a Prometheus endpoint and published the Grafana dashboard for the aggregator. They have respun the `testing-sanchonet` environment with Cardano node v.10.1 and worked on some refactoring to remove legacy code and make it more readable and maintainable. The team also started exploring solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.

Finally, they fixed some flakiness in CI end-to-end tests and made the Cardano stake distribution stable in the client.
```
